So what do you have to do to your code to put flags or whatever in
there to make it easier to find them on the reports?
Man,
are you on a two-wheeled machine that you lean to drive
because that was an amazing segue, my friend,
into what we are going to do next,
which is talk about how we implement universal analytics in Node.
js where we will be adding JavaScript code to the client-side of our
application to track page views and custom events.
We talked a little bit about the custom event data model.
A category is a logical grouping for a kind of event like video events.
An action is a play, pause, or a scrub.
And then a label might be the specific video that's being played.
But the general stats around page views are what
you're going to be collecting first.
And a page view event will send with it all kinds of other
events to Google to populate all the rest of the data that you saw on that interface.